org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KTableKTableLeftJoinTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableKTableLeftJoinTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/utils/UniqueTopicSerdeScope.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.utils.UniqueTopicSerdeScope
 org.apache.kafka.streams.utils.UniqueTopicSerdeScope$UniqueTopicDeserializerDecorator
 org.apache.kafka.streams.utils.UniqueTopicSerdeScope$UniqueTopicSerdeDecorator
 org.apache.kafka.streams.utils.UniqueTopicSerdeScope$UniqueTopicSerializerDecorator
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/AbstractStreamTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.AbstractStreamTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.AbstractStreamTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.AbstractStreamTest$ExtendedKStream
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.AbstractStreamTest$ExtendedKStreamDummy
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.AbstractStreamTest$ExtendedKStreamDummy$ExtendedKStreamDummyProcessor
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/assignment/ConstrainedPrioritySetTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.assignment.ConstrainedPrioritySetTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/ReadOnlyWindowStoreStub.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.ReadOnlyWindowStoreStub
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.ReadOnlyWindowStoreStub$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.ReadOnlyWindowStoreStub$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.ReadOnlyWindowStoreStub$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.ReadOnlyWindowStoreStub$4
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.ReadOnlyWindowStoreStub$5
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.ReadOnlyWindowStoreStub$6
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.ReadOnlyWindowStoreStub$TheWindowStoreIterator
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/RocksDBTimestampedStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.RocksDBTimestampedStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/SessionWindowTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.SessionWindowTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/StandbyTaskCreationIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.StandbyTaskCreationIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.StandbyTaskCreationIntegrationTest$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/TimestampedSegmentsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.TimestampedSegmentsTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/KStreamAggregationDedupIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamAggregationDedupIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/KeyValueIteratorFacadeTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.KeyValueIteratorFacadeTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/QueryableStateIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.QueryableStateIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.QueryableStateIntegrationTest$ProducerRunnable
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/testutil/ConsumerRecordUtil.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.testutil.ConsumerRecordUtil
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/testutil/LogCaptureAppender.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.testutil.LogCaptureAppender
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.testutil.LogCaptureAppender$Event
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/RocksDBTimestampedSegmentedBytesStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.RocksDBTimestampedSegmentedBytesStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/InternalTopicConfigTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.InternalTopicConfigTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/StreamsEosTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.StreamsEosTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/InternalTopicManagerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.InternalTopicManagerTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.InternalTopicManagerTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.InternalTopicManagerTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.InternalTopicManagerTest$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.InternalTopicManagerTest$4
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.InternalTopicManagerTest$5
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.InternalTopicManagerTest$6
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.InternalTopicManagerTest$MockCreateTopicsResult
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.InternalTopicManagerTest$MockDescribeTopicsResult
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/EosTestDriver.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.EosTestDriver
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/metrics/RocksDBMetricsRecorderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.metrics.RocksDBMetricsRecorderTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/KTableSourceTopicRestartIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KTableSourceTopicRestartIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KTableSourceTopicRestartIntegrationTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KTableSourceTopicRestartIntegrationTest$UpdatingSourceTopicOnRestoreStartStateRestoreListener
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/GlobalKTableIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.GlobalKTableIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/ChangeLoggingWindowBytesStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.ChangeLoggingWindowBytesStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/test/MockValueJoiner.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockValueJoiner
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockValueJoiner$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/GlobalKTableEOSIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.GlobalKTableEOSIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/MergedSortedCacheWrappedWindowStoreIteratorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.MergedSortedCacheWrappedWindowStoreIteratorTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.MergedSortedCacheWrappedWindowStoreIteratorTest$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/StreamsBuilderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.StreamsBuilderTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.StreamsBuilderTest$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/AbstractResetIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.AbstractResetIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/ChangeLoggingKeyValueBytesStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.ChangeLoggingKeyValueBytesStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/internals/metrics/ClientMetricsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.internals.metrics.ClientMetricsTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/GlobalThreadShutDownOrderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.GlobalThreadShutDownOrderTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.GlobalThreadShutDownOrderTest$GlobalStoreProcessor
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/EosIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.EosIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.EosIntegrationTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.EosIntegrationTest$1$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/metrics/RocksDBMetricsRecordingTriggerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.metrics.RocksDBMetricsRecordingTriggerTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/SlidingWindowedKStreamImplTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.SlidingWindowedKStreamImplTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/metrics/StateStoreMetricsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.metrics.StateStoreMetricsTest
org/apache/kafka/test/MockProcessor.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockProcessor
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/AbstractProcessorContextTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.AbstractProcessorContextTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.AbstractProcessorContextTest$TestProcessorContext
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamMapValuesTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamMapValuesTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/StreamTableJoinIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.StreamTableJoinIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamMapTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamMapTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/KeyValueStoreBuilderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.KeyValueStoreBuilderTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/KStreamTransformIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamTransformIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamTransformIntegrationTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamTransformIntegrationTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamTransformIntegrationTest$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamTransformIntegrationTest$4
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamTransformIntegrationTest$5
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamTransformIntegrationTest$6
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamTransformIntegrationTest$TestFlatTransformer
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamTransformIntegrationTest$TestFlatValueTransformer
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamTransformIntegrationTest$TestTransformer
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamTransformIntegrationTest$TestValueTransformer
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamTransformIntegrationTest$TestValueTransformerWithKey
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamTransformIntegrationTest$TestValueTransformerWithoutKey
org/apache/kafka/test/MockRestoreCallback.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockRestoreCallback
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/UsePreviousTimeOnInvalidTimestampTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.UsePreviousTimeOnInvalidTimestampTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/MockStreamsMetrics.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.MockStreamsMetrics
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/assignment/FallbackPriorTaskAssignorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.assignment.FallbackPriorTaskAssignorTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamImplTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamImplTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamImplTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamImplTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamImplTest$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamImplTest$4
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamImplTest$5
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamImplTest$6
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/StreamsRebalanceListenerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamsRebalanceListenerTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/StreamsPartitionAssignorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamsPartitionAssignorTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamsPartitionAssignorTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamsPartitionAssignorTest$2
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/utils/IntegrationTestUtils.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.utils.IntegrationTestUtils
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.utils.IntegrationTestUtils$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.utils.IntegrationTestUtils$ConsumerGroupInactiveCondition
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.utils.IntegrationTestUtils$StableAssignmentListener
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.utils.IntegrationTestUtils$StateListenerStub
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.utils.IntegrationTestUtils$TrackingStateRestoreListener
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/CachingInMemoryKeyValueStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.CachingInMemoryKeyValueStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/KeyValueTimestamp.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.KeyValueTimestamp
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/ResetIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.ResetIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/GlobalStreamThreadTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStreamThreadTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStreamThreadTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStreamThreadTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStreamThreadTest$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStreamThreadTest$4
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/QuickUnionTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.QuickUnionTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/TaskAssignorIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.TaskAssignorIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.TaskAssignorIntegrationTest$MyTaskAssignor
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/TimestampedKeyValueStoreMaterializerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TimestampedKeyValueStoreMaterializerTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/ProcessorRecordContextTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorRecordContextTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/SlidingWindowedCogroupedKStreamImplTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.SlidingWindowedCogroupedKStreamImplTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/StreamsAssignmentScaleTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamsAssignmentScaleTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KTableFilterTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableFilterTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/utils/EmbeddedKafkaCluster.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.utils.EmbeddedKafkaCluster
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.utils.EmbeddedKafkaCluster$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.utils.EmbeddedKafkaCluster$TopicsDeletedCondition
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.utils.EmbeddedKafkaCluster$TopicsRemainingCondition
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/SessionWindowedSerializerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.SessionWindowedSerializerTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/UnlimitedWindowTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.UnlimitedWindowTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/KafkaStreamsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.KafkaStreamsTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.KafkaStreamsTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.KafkaStreamsTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.KafkaStreamsTest$StateListenerStub
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/LogAndSkipOnInvalidTimestampTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.LogAndSkipOnInvalidTimestampTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/graph/GraphGraceSearchUtilTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.graph.GraphGraceSearchUtilTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.graph.GraphGraceSearchUtilTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.graph.GraphGraceSearchUtilTest$2
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/StreamThreadStateStoreProviderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.StreamThreadStateStoreProviderTest
org/apache/kafka/test/GenericInMemoryKeyValueStore.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.GenericInMemoryKeyValueStore
 org.apache.kafka.test.GenericInMemoryKeyValueStore$1
 org.apache.kafka.test.GenericInMemoryKeyValueStore$GenericInMemoryKeyValueIterator
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/FilteredCacheIteratorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.FilteredCacheIteratorTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.FilteredCacheIteratorTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.FilteredCacheIteratorTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.FilteredCacheIteratorTest$3
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/ReadOnlyKeyValueStoreFacadeTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.ReadOnlyKeyValueStoreFacadeTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/foreignkeyjoin/CombinedKeySchemaTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.foreignkeyjoin.CombinedKeySchemaTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/TopologyTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.TopologyTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.TopologyTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.TopologyTest$LocalMockProcessorSupplier
 org.apache.kafka.streams.TopologyTest$LocalMockProcessorSupplier$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.TopologyTest$MockProcessorSupplierProvidingStore
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamSessionWindowAggregateProcessorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamSessionWindowAggregateProcessorTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamSessionWindowAggregateProcessorTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamSessionWindowAggregateProcessorTest$2
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamKTableJoinTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamKTableJoinTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/RepartitionTopicConfigTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RepartitionTopicConfigTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/RecordCollectorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RecordCollectorTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RecordCollectorTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RecordCollectorTest$1$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RecordCollectorTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RecordCollectorTest$2$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RecordCollectorTest$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RecordCollectorTest$4
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RecordCollectorTest$4$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RecordCollectorTest$CustomStringSerializer
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/metrics/ThreadMetricsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.metrics.ThreadMetricsTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/StateSerdesTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.StateSerdesTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/MaterializedTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.MaterializedTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/ProcessorContextTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorContextTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/assignment/ClientStateTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.assignment.ClientStateTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KTableImplTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableImplTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableImplTest$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/TimeWindowedSerializerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.TimeWindowedSerializerTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/FullChangeSerdeTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.FullChangeSerdeTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/assignment/HighAvailabilityTaskAssignorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.assignment.HighAvailabilityTaskAssignorTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/SessionKeySchemaTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.SessionKeySchemaTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/DelegatingPeekingKeyValueIteratorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.DelegatingPeekingKeyValueIteratorTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/ChangeLoggingTimestampedKeyValueBytesStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.ChangeLoggingTimestampedKeyValueBytesStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/StateManagerUtilTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StateManagerUtilTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/foreignkeyjoin/SubscriptionResolverJoinProcessorSupplierTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.foreignkeyjoin.SubscriptionResolverJoinProcessorSupplierTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.foreignkeyjoin.SubscriptionResolverJoinProcessorSupplierTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.foreignkeyjoin.SubscriptionResolverJoinProcessorSupplierTest$TestKTableValueGetterSupplier
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.foreignkeyjoin.SubscriptionResolverJoinProcessorSupplierTest$TestKTableValueGetterSupplier$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/CacheFlushListenerStub.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.CacheFlushListenerStub
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/StoreUpgradeIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.StoreUpgradeIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.StoreUpgradeIntegrationTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.StoreUpgradeIntegrationTest$KeyValueProcessor
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.StoreUpgradeIntegrationTest$TimestampedKeyValueProcessor
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.StoreUpgradeIntegrationTest$TimestampedWindowedProcessor
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.StoreUpgradeIntegrationTest$WindowedProcessor
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/AbstractRocksDBSegmentedBytesStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.AbstractRocksDBSegmentedBytesStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamPeekTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamPeekTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/SmokeTestClient.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.SmokeTestClient
org/apache/kafka/test/MockMapper.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockMapper
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockMapper$1
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockMapper$NoOpFlatKeyValueMapper
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockMapper$NoOpKeyValueMapper
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockMapper$NoOpValueMapper
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockMapper$SelectKeyMapper
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockMapper$SelectValueKeyValueMapper
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockMapper$SelectValueMapper
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/RocksDBWindowStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.RocksDBWindowStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/PunctuationQueueTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.PunctuationQueueTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.PunctuationQueueTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.PunctuationQueueTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.PunctuationQueueTest$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.PunctuationQueueTest$4
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.PunctuationQueueTest$TestProcessor
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/StateRestorationIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.StateRestorationIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/CompositeReadOnlyKeyValueStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.CompositeReadOnlyKeyValueStoreTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.CompositeReadOnlyKeyValueStoreTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.CompositeReadOnlyKeyValueStoreTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.CompositeReadOnlyKeyValueStoreTest$3
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamFilterTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamFilterTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/metrics/StreamsMetricsImplTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.metrics.StreamsMetricsImplTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.metrics.StreamsMetricsImplTest$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamGlobalKTableJoinTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamGlobalKTableJoinTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/TableTableJoinIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.TableTableJoinIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/BlockBasedTableConfigWithAccessibleCacheTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.BlockBasedTableConfigWithAccessibleCacheTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/FailOnInvalidTimestampTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.FailOnInvalidTimestampTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/CompositeReadOnlyWindowStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.CompositeReadOnlyWindowStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/RecordQueueTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RecordQueueTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RecordQueueTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RecordQueueTest$PartitionTimeTrackingTimestampExtractor
org/apache/kafka/streams/internals/ApiUtilsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.internals.ApiUtilsTest
org/apache/kafka/test/MockProcessorNode.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockProcessorNode
org/apache/kafka/test/MockReducer.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockReducer
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockReducer$1
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockReducer$IntegerAdd
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockReducer$IntegerSubtract
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockReducer$StringAdd
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockReducer$StringRemove
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/InMemoryKeyValueLoggedStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.InMemoryKeyValueLoggedStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KTableKTableForeignKeyJoinScenarioTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableKTableForeignKeyJoinScenarioTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/SuppressedTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.SuppressedTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/SingleGroupPartitionGrouperStub.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.SingleGroupPartitionGrouperStub
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/MaybeTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.MaybeTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/JoinStoreIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.JoinStoreIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/SessionWindowsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.SessionWindowsTest
org/apache/kafka/test/KeyValueIteratorStub.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.KeyValueIteratorStub
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KTableSourceTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableSourceTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/StreamsMetadataTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.StreamsMetadataTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/InMemoryLRUCacheStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.InMemoryLRUCacheStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/RepartitionWithMergeOptimizingTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RepartitionWithMergeOptimizingTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/EosTestClient.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.EosTestClient
org/apache/kafka/test/MockRecordCollector.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockRecordCollector
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/StateConsumerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StateConsumerTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StateConsumerTest$TaskStub
org/apache/kafka/test/NoOpProcessorContext.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.NoOpProcessorContext
org/apache/kafka/test/GenericInMemoryTimestampedKeyValueStore.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.GenericInMemoryTimestampedKeyValueStore
 org.apache.kafka.test.GenericInMemoryTimestampedKeyValueStore$1
 org.apache.kafka.test.GenericInMemoryTimestampedKeyValueStore$GenericInMemoryKeyValueIterator
org/apache/kafka/test/MockRocksDbConfigSetter.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockRocksDbConfigSetter
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/metrics/RocksDBMetricsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.metrics.RocksDBMetricsTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.metrics.RocksDBMetricsTest$SensorCreator
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/StateRestoreCallbackAdapterTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StateRestoreCallbackAdapterTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StateRestoreCallbackAdapterTest$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/KeyValueSegmentsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.KeyValueSegmentsTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/WindowKeySchemaTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.WindowKeySchemaTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamSelectKeyTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamSelectKeyTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamGlobalKTableLeftJoinTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamGlobalKTableLeftJoinTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/UnlimitedWindowsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.UnlimitedWindowsTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/tools/StreamsResetterTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tools.StreamsResetterTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/graph/TableProcessorNodeTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.graph.TableProcessorNodeTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.graph.TableProcessorNodeTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.graph.TableProcessorNodeTest$TestProcessor
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/SessionWindowedDeserializerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.SessionWindowedDeserializerTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/TaskSuite.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskSuite
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/SegmentIteratorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.SegmentIteratorTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/StreamThreadTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamThreadTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamThreadTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamThreadTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamThreadTest$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamThreadTest$4
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamThreadTest$5
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamThreadTest$6
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamThreadTest$EasyMockConsumerClientSupplier
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamThreadTest$StateListenerStub
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/InMemorySessionStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.InMemorySessionStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamBranchTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamBranchTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/metrics/NamedCacheMetricsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.metrics.NamedCacheMetricsTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/StaticMemberTestClient.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.StaticMemberTestClient
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/GlobalProcessorContextImplTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalProcessorContextImplTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/StreamsMetadataStateTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamsMetadataStateTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/ProcessorContextImplTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorContextImplTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorContextImplTest$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/assignment/AssignmentTestUtils.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.assignment.AssignmentTestUtils
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.assignment.AssignmentTestUtils$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.assignment.AssignmentTestUtils$TaskSkewReport
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/AbstractKeyValueStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.AbstractKeyValueStoreTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.AbstractKeyValueStoreTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.AbstractKeyValueStoreTest$2
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/NoOpWindowStore.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.NoOpWindowStore
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.NoOpWindowStore$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.NoOpWindowStore$EmptyWindowStoreIterator
org/apache/kafka/common/metrics/SensorAccessor.java
 org.apache.kafka.common.metrics.SensorAccessor
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/TaskManagerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$10
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$11
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$12
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$13
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$14
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$15
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$16
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$17
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$18
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$19
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$20
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$21
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$22
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$23
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$24
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$25
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$26
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$27
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$28
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$29
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$30
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$31
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$32
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$33
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$34
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$35
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$36
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$4
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$5
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$6
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$7
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$8
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$9
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.TaskManagerTest$StateMachineTask
org/apache/kafka/test/MockRestoreConsumer.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockRestoreConsumer
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/SessionTupleForwarderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.SessionTupleForwarderTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/SuppressionDurabilityIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.SuppressionDurabilityIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.SuppressionDurabilityIntegrationTest$MetadataValidator
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.SuppressionDurabilityIntegrationTest$MetadataValidator$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/RelationalSmokeTestTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTestTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/KeyValueStoreTestDriver.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.KeyValueStoreTestDriver
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.KeyValueStoreTestDriver$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.KeyValueStoreTestDriver$2
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/metrics/TaskMetricsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.metrics.TaskMetricsTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/ThreadCacheTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.ThreadCacheTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/ChangeLoggingSessionBytesStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.ChangeLoggingSessionBytesStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/WindowsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.WindowsTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.WindowsTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.WindowsTest$TestWindows
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/StreamsNamedRepartitionTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.StreamsNamedRepartitionTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamTransformValuesTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamTransformValuesTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamTransformValuesTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamTransformValuesTest$2
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/RepartitionTopicNamingTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.RepartitionTopicNamingTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.RepartitionTopicNamingTest$SimpleProcessor
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/SegmentedCacheFunctionTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.SegmentedCacheFunctionTest
org/apache/kafka/test/MockApiProcessorSupplier.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockApiProcessorSupplier
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KTableAggregateTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableAggregateTest
org/apache/kafka/test/InternalMockProcessorContext.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.InternalMockProcessorContext
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/WallclockTimestampExtractorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.WallclockTimestampExtractorTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.WallclockTimestampExtractorTest$InBetween
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/StreamsUpgradeToCooperativeRebalanceTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.StreamsUpgradeToCooperativeRebalanceTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.StreamsUpgradeToCooperativeRebalanceTest$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/assignment/TaskAssignorConvergenceTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.assignment.TaskAssignorConvergenceTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.assignment.TaskAssignorConvergenceTest$Harness
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/PrintedTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.PrintedTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.PrintedTest$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/GlobalStateStoreProviderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.GlobalStateStoreProviderTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/AbstractWindowBytesStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.AbstractWindowBytesStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/RestoreIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RestoreIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RestoreIntegrationTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RestoreIntegrationTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RestoreIntegrationTest$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RestoreIntegrationTest$CloseCountingInMemoryStore
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RestoreIntegrationTest$KeyValueStoreProcessor
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/CogroupedKStreamImplTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.CogroupedKStreamImplTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/SessionWindowedCogroupedKStreamImplTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.SessionWindowedCogroupedKStreamImplTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/graph/TableSourceNodeTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.graph.TableSourceNodeTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/SourceNodeTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.SourceNodeTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.SourceNodeTest$TheDeserializer
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/RocksDBStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.RocksDBStoreTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.RocksDBStoreTest$RocksDBConfigSetterWithUserProvidedNewBlockBasedTableFormatConfig
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.RocksDBStoreTest$RocksDBConfigSetterWithUserProvidedNewPlainTableFormatConfig
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.RocksDBStoreTest$RocksDBConfigSetterWithUserProvidedStatistics
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.RocksDBStoreTest$TestingBloomFilterRocksDBConfigSetter
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/SerdeThatDoesntHandleNull.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.SerdeThatDoesntHandleNull
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.SerdeThatDoesntHandleNull$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/suppress/KTableSuppressProcessorMetricsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.suppress.KTableSuppressProcessorMetricsTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/BrokerCompatibilityTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.BrokerCompatibilityTest
org/apache/kafka/test/MockInitializer.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockInitializer
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockInitializer$1
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockInitializer$StringInit
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamFlatTransformTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamFlatTransformTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/StreamsStandByReplicaTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.StreamsStandByReplicaTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KTableKTableOuterJoinTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableKTableOuterJoinTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/InternalTopicIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.InternalTopicIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/MaterializedInternalTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.MaterializedInternalTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/WrappingStoreProviderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.WrappingStoreProviderTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/errors/AlwaysContinueProductionExceptionHandler.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.errors.AlwaysContinueProductionExceptionHandler
org/apache/kafka/test/StateStoreProviderStub.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.StateStoreProviderStub
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/ActiveTaskCreatorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ActiveTaskCreatorTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/WindowedStreamPartitionerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.WindowedStreamPartitionerTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/EqualityCheck.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.EqualityCheck
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamWindowAggregateTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamWindowAggregateTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/TimestampExtractorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.TimestampExtractorTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/MergedSortedCacheWrappedSessionStoreIteratorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.MergedSortedCacheWrappedSessionStoreIteratorTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.MergedSortedCacheWrappedSessionStoreIteratorTest$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/utils/KafkaEmbedded.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.utils.KafkaEmbedded
org/apache/kafka/test/MockKeyValueStore.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockKeyValueStore
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockKeyValueStore$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KTableTransformValuesTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableTransformValuesTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableTransformValuesTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableTransformValuesTest$ExclamationValueTransformer
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableTransformValuesTest$ExclamationValueTransformerSupplier
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableTransformValuesTest$NullSupplier
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableTransformValuesTest$StatefulTransformer
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableTransformValuesTest$StatefulTransformerSupplier
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableTransformValuesTest$StatelessTransformer
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableTransformValuesTest$StatelessTransformerSupplier
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/ForeignKeyJoinSuite.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.ForeignKeyJoinSuite
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/MetricsIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.MetricsIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/SuppressScenarioTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.SuppressScenarioTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/StandbyTaskTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StandbyTaskTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/GlobalStateTaskTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateTaskTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/TimestampedWindowStoreBuilderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.TimestampedWindowStoreBuilderTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/SystemTestUtilTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.SystemTestUtilTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamFlatTransformValuesTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamFlatTransformValuesTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/metrics/ProcessorNodeMetricsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.metrics.ProcessorNodeMetricsTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/assignment/SubscriptionInfoTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.assignment.SubscriptionInfoTest
org/apache/kafka/test/SingletonNoOpValueTransformer.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.SingletonNoOpValueTransformer
 org.apache.kafka.test.SingletonNoOpValueTransformer$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamKStreamLeftJoinTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamKStreamLeftJoinTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/HandlingSourceTopicDeletionIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.HandlingSourceTopicDeletionIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/GlobalKTableJoinsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.GlobalKTableJoinsTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/KTableKTableForeignKeyJoinDistributedTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KTableKTableForeignKeyJoinDistributedTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/ProcessorTopologyTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorTopologyTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorTopologyTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorTopologyTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorTopologyTest$AddHeaderProcessor
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorTopologyTest$CustomTimestampExtractor
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorTopologyTest$FanOutTimestampProcessor
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorTopologyTest$ForwardingProcessor
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorTopologyTest$MultiplexByNameProcessor
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorTopologyTest$MultiplexingProcessor
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorTopologyTest$OldAPIStatefulProcessor
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorTopologyTest$StatefulProcessor
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorTopologyTest$TimestampProcessor
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorTopologyTest$ValueTimestampProcessor
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/InMemoryKeyValueStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.InMemoryKeyValueStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/StateManagerStub.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StateManagerStub
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/RocksDBGenericOptionsToDbOptionsColumnFamilyOptionsAdapterTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.RocksDBGenericOptionsToDbOptionsColumnFamilyOptionsAdapterTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.RocksDBGenericOptionsToDbOptionsColumnFamilyOptionsAdapterTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.RocksDBGenericOptionsToDbOptionsColumnFamilyOptionsAdapterTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.RocksDBGenericOptionsToDbOptionsColumnFamilyOptionsAdapterTest$3
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/PartitionGroupTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.PartitionGroupTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/TimestampedTupleForwarderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.TimestampedTupleForwarderTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/KTableKTableForeignKeyInnerJoinMultiIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KTableKTableForeignKeyInnerJoinMultiIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KTableKTableForeignKeyInnerJoinMultiIntegrationTest$JoinType
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/HighAvailabilityStreamsPartitionAssignorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.HighAvailabilityStreamsPartitionAssignorTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/ForwardingDisabledProcessorContextTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ForwardingDisabledProcessorContextTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/suppress/SuppressSuite.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.suppress.SuppressSuite
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/MockChangelogReader.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.MockChangelogReader
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/ClientUtilsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ClientUtilsTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/foreignkeyjoin/SubscriptionWrapperSerdeTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.foreignkeyjoin.SubscriptionWrapperSerdeTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/MergedSortedCacheKeyValueBytesStoreIteratorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.MergedSortedCacheKeyValueBytesStoreIteratorTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KTableMapValuesTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableMapValuesTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/KStreamAggregationIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamAggregationIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamAggregationIntegrationTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamAggregationIntegrationTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamAggregationIntegrationTest$3
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/HighAvailabilityTaskAssignorIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.HighAvailabilityTaskAssignorIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.HighAvailabilityTaskAssignorIntegrationTest$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/TimeWindowTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.TimeWindowTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/NamedTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.NamedTest
org/apache/kafka/test/StreamsTestUtils.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.StreamsTestUtils
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/TimestampedSegmentTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.TimestampedSegmentTest
org/apache/kafka/test/MockProcessorSupplier.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockProcessorSupplier
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/StoreQueryIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.StoreQueryIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/RocksDBMetricsIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RocksDBMetricsIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RocksDBMetricsIntegrationTest$MetricsVerifier
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/RepartitionOptimizingTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RepartitionOptimizingTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RepartitionOptimizingTest$SimpleProcessor
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/CompositeReadOnlySessionStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.CompositeReadOnlySessionStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/WindowedSerdesTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.WindowedSerdesTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/StreamsBrokerDownResilienceTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.StreamsBrokerDownResilienceTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.StreamsBrokerDownResilienceTest$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/SessionStoreBuilderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.SessionStoreBuilderTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/QueryableStoreProviderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.QueryableStoreProviderTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/TopologyTestDriverWrapper.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.TopologyTestDriverWrapper
org/apache/kafka/streams/KafkaStreamsWrapper.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.KafkaStreamsWrapper
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/SlidingWindowsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.SlidingWindowsTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/AbstractSessionBytesStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.AbstractSessionBytesStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/PurgeRepartitionTopicIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.PurgeRepartitionTopicIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.PurgeRepartitionTopicIntegrationTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.PurgeRepartitionTopicIntegrationTest$RepartitionTopicCreatedWithExpectedConfigs
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.PurgeRepartitionTopicIntegrationTest$RepartitionTopicVerified
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.PurgeRepartitionTopicIntegrationTest$TopicSizeVerifier
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/StreamsUpgradeTestIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.StreamsUpgradeTestIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/EosBetaUpgradeIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.EosBetaUpgradeIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.EosBetaUpgradeIntegrationTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.EosBetaUpgradeIntegrationTest$1$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.EosBetaUpgradeIntegrationTest$CommitPunctuator
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.EosBetaUpgradeIntegrationTest$ErrorInjector
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.EosBetaUpgradeIntegrationTest$KeyPartitioner
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.EosBetaUpgradeIntegrationTest$TestKafkaClientSupplier
org/apache/kafka/test/MockApiProcessor.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockApiProcessor
org/apache/kafka/streams/TopologyWrapper.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.TopologyWrapper
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/MeteredTimestampedKeyValueStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.MeteredTimestampedKeyValueStoreTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.MeteredTimestampedKeyValueStoreTest$CachedKeyValueStore
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/KTableKTableForeignKeyJoinIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KTableKTableForeignKeyJoinIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamSlidingWindowAggregateTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamSlidingWindowAggregateTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamSlidingWindowAggregateTest$InOrderMemoryWindowStore
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamSlidingWindowAggregateTest$InOrderMemoryWindowStoreSupplier
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/JoinWithIncompleteMetadataIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.JoinWithIncompleteMetadataIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/LagFetchIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.LagFetchIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.LagFetchIntegrationTest$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/assignment/AssignorConfigurationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.assignment.AssignorConfigurationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamKStreamJoinTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamKStreamJoinTest
org/apache/kafka/test/MockInternalTopicManager.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockInternalTopicManager
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/TimeWindowsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.TimeWindowsTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/SessionWindowedKStreamImplTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.SessionWindowedKStreamImplTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/StreamsOptimizedTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.StreamsOptimizedTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/OffsetCheckpointTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.OffsetCheckpointTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/MeteredTimestampedWindowStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.MeteredTimestampedWindowStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/test/ReadOnlySessionStoreStub.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.ReadOnlySessionStoreStub
 org.apache.kafka.test.ReadOnlySessionStoreStub$1
 org.apache.kafka.test.ReadOnlySessionStoreStub$2
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/Murmur3Test.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.Murmur3Test
org/apache/kafka/streams/StreamsConfigTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.StreamsConfigTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.StreamsConfigTest$MisconfiguredSerde
 org.apache.kafka.streams.StreamsConfigTest$MockTimestampExtractor
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/ShutdownDeadlockTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.ShutdownDeadlockTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.ShutdownDeadlockTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.ShutdownDeadlockTest$2
org/apache/kafka/streams/KeyValueTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.KeyValueTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/RelationalSmokeTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$App
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$Article
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$Article$ArticleDeserializer
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$Article$ArticleSerde
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$Article$ArticleSerializer
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$AugmentedArticle
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$AugmentedArticle$AugmentedArticleDeserializer
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$AugmentedArticle$AugmentedArticleSerde
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$AugmentedArticle$AugmentedArticleSerializer
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$AugmentedComment
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$AugmentedComment$AugmentedCommentDeserializer
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$AugmentedComment$AugmentedCommentSerde
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$AugmentedComment$AugmentedCommentSerializer
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$Comment
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$Comment$CommentDeserializer
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$Comment$CommentSerde
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$Comment$CommentSerializer
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$DataSet
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.RelationalSmokeTest$DataSet$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/HostInfoTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.HostInfoTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/metrics/RocksDBMetricsRecorderGaugesTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.metrics.RocksDBMetricsRecorderGaugesTest
org/apache/kafka/test/MockAggregator.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockAggregator
org/apache/kafka/test/MockPredicate.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockPredicate
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockPredicate$1
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockPredicate$AllGoodPredicate
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/NamedInternalTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.NamedInternalTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.NamedInternalTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.NamedInternalTest$TestNameProvider
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/ResetIntegrationWithSslTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.ResetIntegrationWithSslTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/SuppressionIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.SuppressionIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/StreamsProducerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamsProducerTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamsProducerTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamsProducerTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamsProducerTest$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamsProducerTest$4
org/apache/kafka/test/MockKeyValueStoreBuilder.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockKeyValueStoreBuilder
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/KeyValueSegmentTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.KeyValueSegmentTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/InMemoryTimeOrderedKeyValueBufferTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.InMemoryTimeOrderedKeyValueBufferTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/StreamTableJoinTopologyOptimizationIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.StreamTableJoinTopologyOptimizationIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/ProcessorTopologyFactories.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorTopologyFactories
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/StoreQuerySuite.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.StoreQuerySuite
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/MeteredKeyValueStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.MeteredKeyValueStoreTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.MeteredKeyValueStoreTest$CachedKeyValueStore
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamForeachTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamForeachTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/RecordConvertersTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.RecordConvertersTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/EOSUncleanShutdownIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.EOSUncleanShutdownIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/SinkNodeTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.SinkNodeTest
org/apache/kafka/test/MockSourceNode.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockSourceNode
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/DefaultPartitionGrouperTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.DefaultPartitionGrouperTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/NamedCacheTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.NamedCacheTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.NamedCacheTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.NamedCacheTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.NamedCacheTest$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.NamedCacheTest$4
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/ChangeLoggingTimestampedWindowBytesStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.ChangeLoggingTimestampedWindowBytesStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/TimeWindowedDeserializerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.TimeWindowedDeserializerTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/TransformerSupplierAdapterTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.TransformerSupplierAdapterTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/TimestampedCacheFlushListenerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.TimestampedCacheFlushListenerTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamPrintTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamPrintTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/WindowTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.WindowTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.WindowTest$TestWindow
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.WindowTest$TestWindow2
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/RocksDBSegmentedBytesStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.RocksDBSegmentedBytesStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/assignment/StickyTaskAssignorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.assignment.StickyTaskAssignorTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/CopartitionedTopicsEnforcerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.CopartitionedTopicsEnforcerTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/CachingPersistentSessionStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.CachingPersistentSessionStoreTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.CachingPersistentSessionStoreTest$CacheFlushListenerStub
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/ResetPartitionTimeIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.ResetPartitionTimeIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.ResetPartitionTimeIntegrationTest$MaxTimestampExtractor
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/StreamTaskTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamTaskTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamTaskTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamTaskTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamTaskTest$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamTaskTest$4
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StreamTaskTest$5
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/RecordDeserializerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RecordDeserializerTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.RecordDeserializerTest$TheSourceNode
org/apache/kafka/test/GlobalStateManagerStub.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.GlobalStateManagerStub
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/ReadOnlyWindowStoreFacadeTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.ReadOnlyWindowStoreFacadeTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/JoinWindowsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.JoinWindowsTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/RocksDBSessionStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.RocksDBSessionStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/RocksDBKeyValueStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.RocksDBKeyValueStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/FineGrainedAutoResetIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.FineGrainedAutoResetIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.FineGrainedAutoResetIntegrationTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.FineGrainedAutoResetIntegrationTest$TestingUncaughtExceptionHandler
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamKTableLeftJoinTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamKTableLeftJoinTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/ValueAndTimestampSerializerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.ValueAndTimestampSerializerTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/suppress/KTableSuppressProcessorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.suppress.KTableSuppressProcessorTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.suppress.KTableSuppressProcessorTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.suppress.KTableSuppressProcessorTest$Harness
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/assignment/LegacySubscriptionInfoSerde.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.assignment.LegacySubscriptionInfoSerde
org/apache/kafka/test/NoOpReadOnlyStore.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.NoOpReadOnlyStore
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/InMemoryWindowStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.InMemoryWindowStoreTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamTransformTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamTransformTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamTransformTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamTransformTest$2
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/UsePartitionTimeOnInvalidTimestampTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.UsePartitionTimeOnInvalidTimestampTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/MeteredSessionStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.MeteredSessionStoreTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.MeteredSessionStoreTest$CachedSessionStore
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/StoreChangelogReaderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StoreChangelogReaderTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StoreChangelogReaderTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StoreChangelogReaderTest$10
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StoreChangelogReaderTest$11
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StoreChangelogReaderTest$12
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StoreChangelogReaderTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StoreChangelogReaderTest$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StoreChangelogReaderTest$4
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StoreChangelogReaderTest$5
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StoreChangelogReaderTest$6
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StoreChangelogReaderTest$7
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StoreChangelogReaderTest$8
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StoreChangelogReaderTest$9
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/SmokeTestUtil.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.SmokeTestUtil
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.SmokeTestUtil$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.SmokeTestUtil$1$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.SmokeTestUtil$Agg
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.SmokeTestUtil$Unwindow
org/apache/kafka/test/MockClientSupplier.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockClientSupplier
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/AbstractJoinIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.AbstractJoinIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.AbstractJoinIntegrationTest$Input
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KTableMapKeysTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableMapKeysTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamFlatMapTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamFlatMapTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/MeteredWindowStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.MeteredWindowStoreTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.MeteredWindowStoreTest$CachedWindowStore
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/ProcessorStateManagerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorStateManagerTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorStateManagerTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorStateManagerTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorStateManagerTest$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorStateManagerTest$4
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorStateManagerTest$5
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorStateManagerTest$6
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorStateManagerTest$7
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorStateManagerTest$8
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorStateManagerTest$9
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorStateManagerTest$ConverterStore
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/StreamsUpgradeTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.StreamsUpgradeTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.StreamsUpgradeTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.StreamsUpgradeTest$FutureAssignmentInfo
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.StreamsUpgradeTest$FutureKafkaClientSupplier
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.StreamsUpgradeTest$FutureStreamsPartitionAssignor
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.StreamsUpgradeTest$FutureSubscriptionInfo
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/BufferValueTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.BufferValueTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/SmokeTestDriver.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.SmokeTestDriver
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.SmokeTestDriver$NumberDeserializer
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.SmokeTestDriver$TestCallback
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.SmokeTestDriver$ValueList
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.SmokeTestDriver$VerificationResult
org/apache/kafka/test/MockTimestampExtractor.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockTimestampExtractor
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/TimeWindowedKStreamImplTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.TimeWindowedKStreamImplTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/SuppressTopologyTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.SuppressTopologyTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/SessionCacheFlushListenerTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.SessionCacheFlushListenerTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/SystemTestUtil.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.SystemTestUtil
org/apache/kafka/streams/internals/generated/SubscriptionInfoData.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.internals.generated.SubscriptionInfoData
 org.apache.kafka.streams.internals.generated.SubscriptionInfoData$PartitionToOffsetSum
 org.apache.kafka.streams.internals.generated.SubscriptionInfoData$TaskId
 org.apache.kafka.streams.internals.generated.SubscriptionInfoData$TaskOffsetSum
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/StandbyTaskEOSIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.StandbyTaskEOSIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.StandbyTaskEOSIntegrationTest$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/CachingInMemorySessionStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.CachingInMemorySessionStoreTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.CachingInMemorySessionStoreTest$CacheFlushListenerStub
org/apache/kafka/streams/tests/StreamsSmokeTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.tests.StreamsSmokeTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/assignment/TaskMovementTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.assignment.TaskMovementTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/TimeWindowedCogroupedKStreamImplTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.TimeWindowedCogroupedKStreamImplTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KTableKTableRightJoinTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableKTableRightJoinTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/KTableKTableForeignKeyJoinMaterializationIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KTableKTableForeignKeyJoinMaterializationIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/assignment/AssignmentInfoTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.assignment.AssignmentInfoTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/WindowStoreBuilderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.WindowStoreBuilderTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/KStreamRepartitionIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.KStreamRepartitionIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/MergedSortedCacheWrappedWindowStoreKeyValueIteratorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.MergedSortedCacheWrappedWindowStoreKeyValueIteratorTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.MergedSortedCacheWrappedWindowStoreKeyValueIteratorTest$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/InternalStreamsBuilderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.InternalStreamsBuilderTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KTableReduceTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableReduceTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/graph/StreamsGraphTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.graph.StreamsGraphTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.graph.StreamsGraphTest$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/utils/CompositeStateListener.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.utils.CompositeStateListener
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/CachingPersistentWindowStoreTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.CachingPersistentWindowStoreTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.CachingPersistentWindowStoreTest$1
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/TimestampedKeyValueStoreBuilderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.TimestampedKeyValueStoreBuilderTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/GlobalStateManagerImplTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$10
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$11
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$12
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$13
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$14
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$15
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$16
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$17
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$18
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$19
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$20
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$21
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$22
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$4
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$5
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$6
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$7
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$8
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$9
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$ConverterStore
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.GlobalStateManagerImplTest$TheStateRestoreCallback
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/internals/TimeOrderedKeyValueBufferTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.TimeOrderedKeyValueBufferTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.internals.TimeOrderedKeyValueBufferTest$NullRejectingStringSerializer
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KGroupedStreamImplTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KGroupedStreamImplTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/OptimizedKTableIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.OptimizedKTableIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/RegexSourceIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RegexSourceIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RegexSourceIntegrationTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RegexSourceIntegrationTest$1$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RegexSourceIntegrationTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RegexSourceIntegrationTest$2$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RegexSourceIntegrationTest$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RegexSourceIntegrationTest$3$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RegexSourceIntegrationTest$4
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RegexSourceIntegrationTest$4$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.RegexSourceIntegrationTest$TheConsumerRebalanceListener
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/StreamStreamJoinIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.StreamStreamJoinIntegrationTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamRepartitionTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamRepartitionTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/foreignkeyjoin/SubscriptionResponseWrapperSerdeTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.foreignkeyjoin.SubscriptionResponseWrapperSerdeTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.foreignkeyjoin.SubscriptionResponseWrapperSerdeTest$NonNullableSerde
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/InternalTopologyBuilderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.InternalTopologyBuilderTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/state/StoresTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.state.StoresTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/StateDirectoryTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StateDirectoryTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StateDirectoryTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StateDirectoryTest$2
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StateDirectoryTest$3
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.StateDirectoryTest$CreateTaskDirRunner
org/apache/kafka/streams/processor/internals/ProcessorNodeTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorNodeTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorNodeTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorNodeTest$ClassCastProcessor
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorNodeTest$ExceptionalProcessor
 org.apache.kafka.streams.processor.internals.ProcessorNodeTest$NoOpProcessor
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KGroupedTableImplTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KGroupedTableImplTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/integration/SmokeTestDriverIntegrationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.SmokeTestDriverIntegrationTest
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.SmokeTestDriverIntegrationTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.streams.integration.SmokeTestDriverIntegrationTest$Driver
org/apache/kafka/test/MockStateRestoreListener.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockStateRestoreListener
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KStreamFlatMapValuesTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KStreamFlatMapValuesTest
org/apache/kafka/streams/kstream/internals/KTableKTableInnerJoinTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.streams.kstream.internals.KTableKTableInnerJoinTest
org/apache/kafka/test/MockInternalProcessorContext.java
 org.apache.kafka.test.MockInternalProcessorContext
