org/apache/kafka/message/SchemaGenerator.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.SchemaGenerator
 org.apache.kafka.message.SchemaGenerator$MessageInfo
org/apache/kafka/message/FieldSpec.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.FieldSpec
org/apache/kafka/message/IsNullConditional.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.IsNullConditional
 org.apache.kafka.message.IsNullConditional$ConditionalGenerator
 org.apache.kafka.message.IsNullConditional$PrimitiveConditionalGenerator
org/apache/kafka/message/StructSpec.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.StructSpec
org/apache/kafka/message/Target.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.Target
org/apache/kafka/message/CodeBuffer.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.CodeBuffer
org/apache/kafka/message/JsonConverterGenerator.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.JsonConverterGenerator
org/apache/kafka/message/MessageDataGenerator.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.MessageDataGenerator
org/apache/kafka/message/MessageClassGenerator.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.MessageClassGenerator
org/apache/kafka/message/ClauseGenerator.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.ClauseGenerator
org/apache/kafka/message/MessageSpecType.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.MessageSpecType
org/apache/kafka/message/HeaderGenerator.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.HeaderGenerator
org/apache/kafka/message/ApiMessageTypeGenerator.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.ApiMessageTypeGenerator
 org.apache.kafka.message.ApiMessageTypeGenerator$1
 org.apache.kafka.message.ApiMessageTypeGenerator$ApiData
org/apache/kafka/message/MessageSpec.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.MessageSpec
 org.apache.kafka.message.MessageSpec$1
org/apache/kafka/message/StructRegistry.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.StructRegistry
 org.apache.kafka.message.StructRegistry$1
 org.apache.kafka.message.StructRegistry$StructInfo
org/apache/kafka/message/TypeClassGenerator.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.TypeClassGenerator
org/apache/kafka/message/EntityType.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.EntityType
org/apache/kafka/message/MessageGenerator.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.MessageGenerator
org/apache/kafka/message/FieldType.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.FieldType
 org.apache.kafka.message.FieldType$ArrayType
 org.apache.kafka.message.FieldType$BoolFieldType
 org.apache.kafka.message.FieldType$BytesFieldType
 org.apache.kafka.message.FieldType$Float64FieldType
 org.apache.kafka.message.FieldType$Int16FieldType
 org.apache.kafka.message.FieldType$Int32FieldType
 org.apache.kafka.message.FieldType$Int64FieldType
 org.apache.kafka.message.FieldType$Int8FieldType
 org.apache.kafka.message.FieldType$RecordsFieldType
 org.apache.kafka.message.FieldType$StringFieldType
 org.apache.kafka.message.FieldType$StructType
 org.apache.kafka.message.FieldType$UUIDFieldType
org/apache/kafka/message/VersionConditional.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.VersionConditional
org/apache/kafka/message/Versions.java
 org.apache.kafka.message.Versions
