org/apache/kafka/connect/data/ValuesTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.data.ValuesTest
 org.apache.kafka.connect.data.ValuesTest$1
org/apache/kafka/connect/storage/SimpleHeaderConverterTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.storage.SimpleHeaderConverterTest
org/apache/kafka/connect/data/ConnectSchemaTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.data.ConnectSchemaTest
org/apache/kafka/connect/util/ConnectorUtilsTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.util.ConnectorUtilsTest
org/apache/kafka/connect/data/SchemaBuilderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.data.SchemaBuilderTest
org/apache/kafka/connect/data/DateTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.data.DateTest
org/apache/kafka/connect/header/ConnectHeaderTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.header.ConnectHeaderTest
org/apache/kafka/connect/data/DecimalTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.data.DecimalTest
org/apache/kafka/connect/header/ConnectHeadersTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.header.ConnectHeadersTest
 org.apache.kafka.connect.header.ConnectHeadersTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.connect.header.ConnectHeadersTest$2
org/apache/kafka/connect/data/TimestampTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.data.TimestampTest
org/apache/kafka/connect/connector/ConnectorReconfigurationTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.connector.ConnectorReconfigurationTest
 org.apache.kafka.connect.connector.ConnectorReconfigurationTest$TestConnector
org/apache/kafka/connect/source/SourceRecordTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.source.SourceRecordTest
org/apache/kafka/connect/source/SourceConnectorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.source.SourceConnectorTest
 org.apache.kafka.connect.source.SourceConnectorTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.connect.source.SourceConnectorTest$TestSourceConnector
 org.apache.kafka.connect.source.SourceConnectorTest$TestSourceConnectorContext
org/apache/kafka/connect/storage/ConverterTypeTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.storage.ConverterTypeTest
org/apache/kafka/connect/storage/StringConverterTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.storage.StringConverterTest
org/apache/kafka/connect/data/SchemaProjectorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.data.SchemaProjectorTest
org/apache/kafka/connect/connector/ConnectorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.connector.ConnectorTest
 org.apache.kafka.connect.connector.ConnectorTest$AssertableConnector
org/apache/kafka/connect/data/TimeTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.data.TimeTest
org/apache/kafka/connect/data/FieldTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.data.FieldTest
org/apache/kafka/connect/data/StructTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.data.StructTest
org/apache/kafka/connect/sink/SinkRecordTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.sink.SinkRecordTest
org/apache/kafka/connect/data/FakeSchema.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.data.FakeSchema
org/apache/kafka/connect/sink/SinkConnectorTest.java
 org.apache.kafka.connect.sink.SinkConnectorTest
 org.apache.kafka.connect.sink.SinkConnectorTest$1
 org.apache.kafka.connect.sink.SinkConnectorTest$TestSinkConnector
 org.apache.kafka.connect.sink.SinkConnectorTest$TestSinkConnectorContext
